New Release Notes: Google Tag Manager (#421)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/google-tag-manager-new-version.md

---
title: Get ready for Google Analytics 4 with VTEX's new Google Tag Manager version app
excerpt: "Prepare you store for Google Analytics 4 with the new version of VTEX's Google Tag Manager app."
createdAt: "2023-05-03T16:47:00.000Z"
---

> Starting on July 1st, 2023, Google Analytics 4 (GA4) will become Google's official data analysis tool, replacing the current version, Universal Analytics (UA). [According to Google's official announcement](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528), this change requires stores to migrate their UA property settings to GA4 before July 1st to continue tracking data navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting on July 1st, 2023, Google Analytics 4 (GA4) will become Google's official data analysis tool, replacing the current version, Universal Analytics (UA). According to [Google's official announcement](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528), this change requires stores to migrate their UA property settings to GA4 before July 1st to continue tracking data navigation.
```

> To assist with this migration, stores using VTEX IO can benefit from the new VTEX Google Tag Manager (GTM) app version. The app allows stores to send events in the GA4 format while still sending UA events, facilitating a smooth transition to GA4.
> 
> > ⚠️ If you have a store using Portal CMS Legacy, refer to the offical [announcement](https://help.vtex.com/en/announcements/upgrade-your-store-to-google-analytics-4--01mmrSck8nvXAKsypecT9V).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assist with this migration, Store Framework stores can benefit from the new VTEX Google Tag Manager (GTM) app version. The app allows stores to send events in the GA4 format while still sending UA events, facilitating a smooth transition to GA4.

> ⚠️ If you have a store using Legacy CMS Portal, refer to the [Help Center announcement](https://help.vtex.com/en/announcements/upgrade-your-store-to-google-analytics-4--01mmrSck8nvXAKsypecT9V).
```
